Since I finally learned how to do c++ multithreading using the thread class, I have been trying to figure out how to make the CCMAnalysis code thread safe. This would make it where someone could give multiple files (or even one file), where multiple triggers are looped over at the same time. Currently I do this by using openmpi and having up to N (32 for badger) different instances of CCMAnalysis running at the same time. If we use threads then only one instance of CCMAnalysis needs to be run at a given time, but multiple triggers would be looped over at the same time (having the same effect, but easier on the user's end).


This will not work for the following reasons:
- To make the code thread safe a lock needs to be added to make sure multiple treads are not trying to change the same information at the same time. Currently we only have 1 instance of each of the modules (that changes class objects) making it so the entire module chain would need to be locked out making it so only 1 trigger is going through the chain at a given time. This defeats the purpose of setting up multithreading.
- You can think of having multiple instances of the modules that are called at the beginning of each trigger and are deleted at the end of each trigger. This will get around the problem with the first point, but has 2 issues:
  - We use input random seeds, and these seeds are set at the beginning of each run. If we call the configure function at the beginning of each trigger, as we would with the simplest setup of this method, then each trigger will always have the same random seed number which is not what we want. We could get around this by having a "global" random seed number in Utility.h, but now each module cannot be controlled by having its own random seed.
  - Modules like CCMNa22Cuts fills a TTree for all triggers that are looped over. If we create and delete a module for each trigger, this will not work. There are also modules that only have things in the EndOfJob function, so creating and deleting them each time is a waste of cycles, or messes up any counting they are trying to do during ProcessTrigger.


Okay, that is a lot of detail. I wanted to give you my thoughts as to why using multithreading with CCMAnalysis is not a good idea. If you have any good counter arguments to my reasons please let me know, and I can implement the multithreading. Right now, with how the code is setup, I think it is not worth it.
